Yep, makes sense. Okay, we've got a few more minutes there's a few other questions I wanted to ask you I'm just curious about personally but one is identity. Right. How do you think about kind of the forecaster identity layer, you kind of, it seems you rather than kind of use ens or bootstrap some existing identity layer you kind of have created your own identity layer and presumably, you know the identity that I create on the main main forecaster client will persist across, you know, other clients. How do you think about that why because I guess why choose to build, create your own rather than bootstrap another and maybe how you see identity and for in the forecaster kind of ecosystem evolving. Yes, if you look at identity. It's it's trended in kind of one direction towards like kind of being simpler so the internet starts email is kind of like the first killer app. So that becomes the de facto identity that developers on the web use. And then mobile shows up and actually stuff shifts to phone numbers. And then if you actually just look at the at scale public social networks, they don't use a phone number they don't use email as your identifier they use a username. And so, like that that's just been a consistent trend and this is actually one of the reasons I think that the federated model of like kind of like weird username spaces is it just not it's not modern like people want to be at like like that's just the consumer preference. And so you need to kind of hit that that UX, and that doesn't sound hard but when you're trying to do in a decentralized system that actually gets tricky because you need to have a canonical representation of at Nick or at DWR. And so that's actually a lot of the the design of forecaster is like how can you make this done in a decentralized way but like reasonable ownership guarantees over that, while still being really usable. And then the second thing, if you take something like DNS, how many daily active users, does DNS have not people who have a wallet with an DNS in it like an actual application that DNS is like core to the user experience. And that's something that we started working on in 2020 like, and even today it's extremely low, like, no one is actually at mentioning DNS, they, they have it, they might put it in their Twitter bio, but the but the reality is is like, you're not actually building the core of an app where that is a core foundational component. And so I think that means you don't have to be beholden to anyone identities because there isn't actually an identity system and you should be building the best user experience. And so that's where we're starting and just saying, Okay, let's actually go build the user experience that we want. So, example with DNS unlimited number of characters. Okay, so I have a 32 character DNS name now does that get shown in the UI and it looks so clunky do I truncate it like, like, when you start to actually think through the product details of this, you realize that like hey Twitter and Instagram where they limit things to 16 characters, Latin only alphabet like from a product experience standpoint you quickly get to a solution and you realize like hey we're going to bootstrap our own because it's actually in service of our own product. And if you're focused on building a product that people are willing to use every day, you're going to make a different set of trade offs than some kind of open standard that you're hoping other people go and use, and so that's that's how we approach it. Makes sense. Yeah, agreed on, you know, I mean the main. Yeah, in terms of active users of DNS it's people trading DNS right. And we actually just invested in DNS vision which is a marketplace for DNS so I think there is activity, and there is a base of daily active users but maybe not the daily active users that you're interested in. Yeah, I mean to be super clear I actually am bullish on DNS I think DNS is great. I think of it much more akin to the domain name system, but how many people today have their own domain name, relative to the domain market is huge and domain self for a lot right now it's like NFTs, but it's a very different it's a prosumer or professional market versus the average user just wants something that's super simple. Yep. That's actually one of the primary reasons we, other than the decentralization and the and the kind of security that you get from the Ethereum L1, I think the composability of forecaster usernames within the existing ecosystem. So when you register a forecaster username, you know, think about it today on Twitter if you had a great username, and you wanted to sell it like a it's against Twitter's terms of service. I think Elon actually might be doing some type of auction system but 15 years later they have never done that. And if Twitter launches on mainnet later this year, day one it's, you can just go listen and open seat, like we don't have to build any of that economic infrastructure, any innovation that happens for an NFT on a theorem, we get out of the box. And so I think that that's the other thing that I think web to people. When they they look at forecaster and they've seen we've made a bunch of pragmatic approaches, then they always go well, you don't even need the blockchain you can just go do this and then they actually haven't thought deeply about like a there's actually a bunch of things that the blockchain solves from a product standpoint. Yeah, so it's useful in of its own right, but then they just don't get composability and they think that that that's irrelevant when the reality is that that's actually a whole nother layer of permissionless innovation that I'm just super excited to see where people take it. Right. I might have to hit you up for a few more forecaster usernames 10. Well, that's one of the other reasons we don't want to open it up great because if you if you open it up right now you're just going to have a bunch of people squat. Yeah, and that's, that's basically selling future value from the protocol to a bunch of people who kind of get in early and like we're again not in a short term like can we boost some price or something it's like we're building something for the long term. Yeah, I do think there is some economic benefit of that as well and just getting people, you know, that have aligned incentives with you for the thing to work but certainly there's an extreme way that could go that's that's negative. Yeah, and I would say like, I do think that the way to do it is you have a gated period at the beginning and at some point you have to pull the bandaid off and then go to the free market and let squatting happen that will happen. All right, Dan well thanks a lot for joining us really enjoyed the chat and appreciate you taking the time and I'll see you soon. Cool. And like I said, anyone who wants a forecaster invite just DM me on Twitter, DWR, and use the word, Indiana, and I'll send you today. Awesome.