And it's a hard thing because again, the reveal preferences people actually do like algo feeds, but I would say it's a slightly different model for us in that you can imagine that the average person is spending 10 minutes a day on Forecaster. We may actually launch a feature that maybe it's algorithmic, machine learning, or just filters that allow people to be more efficient in finding whatever they're looking for on Forecaster when they look at the feed, that it reduces the time spent from 10 minutes to nine minutes and 30 seconds. In an advertising based business, probably not a good thing, right? Because the amount of time you spend is probably how many correlates with how many ads you see. Whereas in a subscriber based business, you could argue that that is actually providing more value to the customer because now what they got is they got 30 seconds back as a result of it being higher signal or more efficient for them, right? So thinking of it as like a tool versus this kind of almost a competitor to television of like, we just want you to spend time here and then look at a bunch of ads, I think is something that we're gonna try to experiment with. But if it works, I do think it sets an ethos in the ecosystem, at least for the early adopters. And I think the more pro users, the people who are using the network as this kind of public intellectual social network that I bet you, if you could actually go back in time, if Twitter could choose a different monetization path, they probably would have done this instead of trying to kind of always be this Facebook that never has the same scale or the ability to do the targeting. And I actually think their business would be in a fine place today compared to basically it's a public company that has never made a single, like the total cumulative amount of profit is negative as a public company. And part of that is also that I think they're over staff. There's like 8,000 people that work there and you can't solve the spam bot problem. But part of that also might be a set of incentives is that you don't want top line numbers in an advertising based business to go down. Maybe a little cynical on that. But my point being is I think clients in a new ecosystem in 2022 may find success with subscriptions, thinking of themselves more as tools, accessing this kind of public social network, versus we need to kind of be this lock in and everything needs to be in the mothership. So that's one way I'm thinking about it. Okay, a couple more questions, how do we beat the bots? I tweeted this recently. I think Twitter could do this tomorrow if they really wanted to just take the hit on their total number of users. And I think we'll plan to do this with Merkle Manufactories clients. Phone number, credit card on file. So don't charge them, but maybe do a one-time charge of $1 till you have that. Coinbase, we asked for a passport so you could do another thing. And it should just be a set of steps, five steps to get verified. And that's how you get a blue check, not your celebrity or you work at some media organization or whatever, or maybe have two different types of checks. But I bet you a ton of people would go through the friction if they spent a lot of time on Twitter to get that check mark, especially if you could say, hey, the algorithm will boost anyone who's verified. And explicitly, we will not show replies from unverified people. You can use Twitter as an unverified way, like that's a consumption mechanism. But if you want to participate in the conversation, you need to go through a little bit of that. So to me, that's what we do at Merkle Manufactory and then you don't have bots. Plus it costs money to register a Forecaster username because there's a non-chain. Right, right. Are there, Akil BVS asks, are there any plans to roll out incentives to build on top of Forecaster to attract developers? What sort of new apps with social primitives slash use cases do you think builders can build? Well, the second part of that question is the, you know, world's your oyster. If I could invite every new social app, I would probably get to the new primitive to go after because it's a lot easier to grow if you have a viral new primitive. That said, I think incentives, that's something that we've tried a little bit. So we had a couple of people build early apps last, like, you know, in the spring, and we offered them kind of a one-time block grant, no strings attached for the summer. And just to kind of defrace over costs and encourage them to keep building the apps that they were doing. That worked pretty well. So I think that we probably will do something along those lines. I think what's important though, is people show organic interest. And there's no promises like, oh, if I build something, you're gonna give me a grant. It's more of a, you know, no, when you see a good faith effort, which maybe doesn't scale, but I think aligns you much more towards a organic community versus a strictly paid for mercenary community. So I think we want to avoid that part, but there's probably a pretty optimal trade off. And I think going back to the ideas, the one thing I think that I'm excited about is, one primitive that every user on Forecaster has, is a private key. So it's the first network that just by itself, you signing up for Forecaster username, you have a public and private key, even something like Signal, you have to actually verify with the phone number. And so you can imagine that the amount of encrypted or zero knowledge, if you want to get more technical in the crypto side, types of experiences that you can permissionlessly build as a developer, knowing that every single user on Forecaster in order for them to even be on Forecaster, have to have a private key that's hot, right? Live, I think is an idea space that someone will build something really interesting. And to use a framework that I think a lot of people talk about, generally social networks that succeed offer some new type of speech or new primitive that enables people to communicate in a new way. And I think that entire space of new encrypted experiences and new zero knowledge experiences is completely under tapped, partially because it's cutting edge technology, right? Like you have to really understand it. It has not been, there's no Ruby on Rails equivalent for ZK yet. And so I think it'll take some time for that to happen. Got it. We're way over, but I appreciate you staying a little bit longer, Dan. Before I let you go, how do we get a Forecaster invite? If those listening want to join and where can we find you? Yeah, so if you've made it this far, that's proof of work, proof of work enough that if you DM me on Twitter, DWR and mention you heard the podcast, I'm happy to send you an invite. I think we're really trying to be deliberate people who are thoughtful, optimistic, energetic. And if you spending time listening to a podcast, someone talking about what through social, you're probably a good candidate for Forecaster. Cool. Cool. Thank you so much. We'll have to do this again soon, but yeah, until next time. Cheers.