Dan, welcome to Mint Season 6. What's up, man? How are you doing? Thank you for being on. Well, thanks for having me. I'm excited to have you on the podcast. A lot is going on in the Web3 social space and what better person to talk to than the one who's building Farcaster, right? I've been on Farcaster. A lot of people use Farcaster. A lot of excitement across crypto Twitter. It also now migrates to Farcaster and vice versa. So a lot to talk about. I want to start with you, though. Who are you? What does the world need to know about you? And more specifically, how did you get your start into crypto? Yeah, so I think my background, I'm originally from Massachusetts. I went to school on the East Coast, worked in Boston for a bit, and then eventually moved to Silicon Valley. I started on the operational side of things. So I didn't study something technical in undergrad. I grew up kind of always with computers, programming, kind of mucking around with the internals of stuff, but for whatever reason, didn't major in it in college. But when I moved out to Silicon Valley, I had worked in consulting, so kind of got a job more on the operational side of things. And I was working at a SaaS company that does visitor sign-in software for iPads. And I just kept hearing about Bitcoin from all of the smart people I had started to meet in the Bay Area. And I realized I didn't have my own point of view on it. And actually, if you back up, when I first moved to Silicon Valley, a college classmate of mine, Fred Ursham, one of the co-founders of Coinbase, heard that I was moving out, reached out, we got coffee, mentioned that he had just raised a Series A for Coinbase and we're looking to kind of hire out the first few employees. And I categorically dismissed him thinking that Bitcoin was a Ponzi scheme. Why would you be spending your time on that? Why don't you work on a real tech company? Fast forward a year later, I actually had read the white paper finally and couldn't stop thinking about Bitcoin. And I think that the thing that got me most excited about Bitcoin in the kind of early days, enough to make the switch over to Coinbase, was thinking about it as a computing layer and kind of thinking about, if you think about like computing history, you kind of go from mainframes to the kind of like PCs, then you add the internet, then you add mobile, and then you start to go away from the local machine to the cloud. And so each one of these new platforms offers really interesting opportunities for entrepreneurs and to build new products and experiences, mobile being the most recent. And in 2014, I thought, okay, Bitcoin is clearly that next computing platform, right? You can start to do new experiences that don't live within a centralized database. And the first applications of that being money and payments. And so I joined Coinbase very much thinking it was going to be all about the new apps that were going to be built on top of the Coinbase API, which ended up being wrong. And I'm happy to talk through my experience at Coinbase and what I learned there. So I kind of went in with a very naive point of view and then stuck around for five years and in many ways got lucky in the sense that the market shifted and something like Ethereum came along and the company did end up doing well. But I always like to point out that I joined Coinbase with the completely wrong thesis for what was going to be big, at least for Bitcoin. And I think we're finally actually starting to play out with some of the ideas that I originally were excited about in 2014. But that's how I got started. What were some of those original ideas that now you're sort of seeing get played out right now? Well, the ideas that I, there was like one very concrete idea that I got excited about was prediction markets. And there was a paper from the Mercatus Center, I think Jerry Breida, who now runs Coin Center, was still in academia and he wrote it, just talking about the history of different prediction markets from a theoretical standpoint. And I've always found that to be fascinating. I'm a bit of a political news junkie. And so the idea that you could kind of use markets to predict elections better than polling is I've always found intellectually interesting. And so that they talked about potentially using Bitcoin because one of the fundamental issues is in the US, if you want to offer a prediction market, that's considered a derivative, which is regulated by the CFTC. And there's a notable example of a company that wanted to do a prediction market specifically for Hollywood movies. It's called Hollywood Exchange. They raised a bunch of funding, built out a product, and they went to go launch this product, which essentially would allow you to bet on what the box office receipts for a movie would be. And Hollywood cracked down by doing a bunch of lobbying in DC, which ultimately got the CFTC to shut it down because they didn't want people to be betting, especially insiders to be betting on whether a movie was going to flop or not, because then you would start using that information as a consumer to potentially not go see that movie because people thought it would be bad. Which is kind of interesting if you think about it from a consumer benefit standpoint, that Hollywood Exchange would be great. For Hollywood, it would be bad in the sense that they couldn't really package up bad movies and try to promote them. But CFTC decided that that wasn't allowed and so that doesn't exist. There's actually now an exchange in the kind of more fintech world that is not crypto related called the Call Sheet. And they are one of the first kind of more consumer oriented prediction markets that have found some amount of CFTC approval, or at least the set of markets that they're doing. But I think that the other thing that I just generally got excited about in crypto is regulated markets are fine and Coinbase, the experience I had there, we did a lot with regulation and you have to get it right. And it actually ends up creating a lot of value for business because not a lot of people want to do it. Some people call that regulatory capture. But there's a kind of aspect of the internet that I've always been interested in is permissionless innovation. And I think the ethos of the internet is if you have a good idea, you should, and a computer and the capability to program something, you should just be able to do it. And with fintech, it's much more, okay, if you can go convince people to raise money, then you can go build out like a special relationship with other banks or card processing companies. And then you can put an API on top of that, right? A company like Stripe or a company like Plaid has done an excellent job of managing that. And actually, by virtue of them being very developer oriented, have significantly increased the number of apps that exist in the world of fintech, because each of those kind of apps that sit on top of a Plaid or a Stripe, they don't have to go do those relationships directly. But what's neat about crypto is you don't even need the middleman. The APIs and the data and the value are directly accessible to the end user as well as the driver. And I think that concept of removing a huge chunk of intermediaries is just like a concept that I think is really fascinating. And frankly, one of the most compelling reasons to work in technology for me is you can actually build these things on the internet that can exist as protocols that create coordination between humans, but not necessarily any one individual or company. So is that where social comes into the picture? Because of the things that you said that interest you, you didn't bring up social media as the keyword sort of within that entire explanation. I'm curious, where does social fit into that vision of yours? That excitement? Yeah, I think 2014, I wasn't thinking about social as a crypto thing in that, A, when I first started at Coinbase, we were Bitcoin only, and the push was payments, which ended up again, not quite playing out. And what Coinbase ended up becoming is more of an investment platform, but also a gateway into being able to take Bitcoin or ETH and then put it into, whether it's DeFi or any kind of permissionlessly built app on top of these blockchains. So that's an important function, right? It's not just purely financial exposure. But in 2014, at least when I was joining Coinbase, I think that was right around when Twitter was potentially hamstringing the API. But prior to that, Twitter had a very open API. And so you had a very diverse ecosystem of third party clients. I like to always point out that the pull to refresh, the kind of universal of whether you're using a mail client today or Instagram to just refresh your feed, that was invented by a third party indie developer, Lauren Brichter, who had an app called Tweety, which eventually ended up selling to Twitter. And then Twitter technically owns the patent for pull to refresh. And they did something that's quite honorable. They kind of said, hey, we'll never prosecute anyone for using it. But that was an era where I think that there was still a lot of promise in social media as potentially this API driven. Yes, there were going to be kind of first party clients, but third party clients, there could be a diverse ecosystem, especially for something like Twitter. Fast forward to 2022, I think we're in a far different state of the world related to social networks, social media, in that they are more centralized. There are, I think, a stricter set of guidelines in terms of what's acceptable use versus not. And I think in some ways there are some good aspects of that. But at the same time, I think it's kind of wild if you think about something like Twitter. You have a bunch of people in San Francisco making decisions on what is acceptable speech or use for the entire world, which is wild. Whereas something like the internet, again, it's country by country. But to me, that's a much more credibly neutral platform in the sense that the US has strong free speech laws. So if you maintain your own website and you don't follow a foul, very limited set of things that would violate free speech, that's on you or you and your hosting provider. Whereas if you live in another country that maybe has stricter limits on speech, that's your version of the internet. But what's neat is it kind of is global and you as an individual, if you either get outside of your country or maybe have a pseudonymous way of publishing, you really can get access to the direct level of the protocol. Whereas with these social networks, you're much more limited in terms of where that company's leadership and jurisdiction is for the company. And then that kind of propagates out to the rest of the world. And so I think where my thinking from 2014 to 2020, 2022 era has changed is we've gotten significantly more centralized with social media and social networks. They're significantly larger and more present in terms of just public discourse. And I think we're starting to see the scenes where they just they can't scale at this level and maintain some of the core original promises that they have. You go back to the early product marketing for Twitter as they were very pro free speech. Like that was actually their differentiator is, hey, Twitter is a place to be able to express what you think, whether you're in the US or I don't know, a country in the Middle East, the whole Arab Spring was a moment for Twitter, at least in that moment. And I think that's changed quite a bit. The question is, as a society, should we have a neutral public square protocol that allows us to do some of the things that centralized social media is significantly better than kind of open protocols? Right. So the open protocols here would be the web, email, RSS. But can you actually take some of the best aspects of centralized social media from the user ability standpoint, discoverability, and actually bring those into something that looks more credibly neutral, like a more traditional Internet protocol? And so that's the thing that I got excited about and why I'm working on it now. Interesting. So I think we're seeing an increase of like set of adoption across web through social applications, whether it be from people trying to build applications to users trying to use these applications or creators trying to create content and monetize through these applications. And I'm still trying to understand the space from like a macro lens. I'm curious to hear your point of view. What do you think is the current state of web through social? We're early. I think there are a variety of different approaches. There are probably more additional networks that pop up and people with different points of view on how to do things. We are also in a slightly different situation compared to maybe some other technology trends in that if you take the examples of Twitter and Facebook, they were kind of in that first generation of social media, the web to social media. And so a lot of the stuff is getting figured out for the first time. For the most part, because you had some some earlier social networks, Friendster, MySpace, but the inflection point was really as society shifted over to mobile as being the dominant form factor that actually massively increases the amount of social media use rather than being something that I'm going to set up my computer and use Facebook versus being on the couch watching TV and also having Facebook open. And so I think with Web3, you're not in a situation where you're competing mostly against Greenfield like in that you are in a Greenfield situation. You're competing against mature Web2 social networks for time spent. And so if you think about social, it's a zero sum game in that you only have a limited amount of time. You can't spend time on two social networks at once. So if you're spending it on one social network or watching Netflix, that's the trade off. And so I think Web3 social is early days in terms of infrastructure development, the protocol layer as well as app development on top, but also in the kind of figuring out what's the differentiator versus the mature options that basically everyone is already on. It's not like people are onboarding to social media for the first time with Web3 social. They're already on Web2 social media. And if anything, that's actually where you're finding a lot of those people as a developer of a Web3 social media product. But the challenge is, OK, I already have a big audience on Web2 social media. I have the habit. I've spent time curating my feed. I like the algorithmic stuff that I'm getting. Maybe you don't. But to then actually get everything up and running in Web3, that's where we really are right now. Can you actually offer something that is reasonably competitive such that someone is willing to trade off time spent over here in Web3? And so that's actually something that we've been really focused on for the last two years is building the initial client for Farcaster, the protocol. Because from our point of view, the thing that's actually going to drive the most switching is you have to have a base level of feature parity. You can't say, hey, this is a really rough app, but it's decentralized. No one's going to switch to that. Whereas if you can get a mobile app that from a performance standpoint feels pretty close, maybe not quite there, and then a sufficient number of people that are interesting, then you might start to get the early adopters who say, oh, this is actually kind of nice. The spam bots aren't here. I actually have more control over what I see in my feed. But I think that's a pretty slow process. Whereas maybe fast forward two or three years from now, and you have a variety of attempts in Web3 social that have kind of gotten that first stage done, you may start to see actually apps grow at a faster clip, a more mainstream audience clip. But I think where we are right now is in that kind of early adopter deployment phase. And then you have this kind of challenge of like, okay, well, how do you cross that chasm to mainstream? But I actually think it's like you need to focus on the first phase first before you even worry about the main phase. I think there are a lot of people who when they think Web3 social, and I think NFTs in a positive way kind of increase the aperture of what crypto can be for people, rather than this kind of like very finance, quantitative, numeric thing. There's a visual element, a very consumer element. Yes, there's a financial element to it. But I think as a result of that, a lot of people, especially with the kind of bull market of 2021, wanted to proclaim, okay, this is crypto's mainstream moment. And I can tell you having worked in crypto since 2014, people have been saying this is crypto's mainstream moment for eight years. And I think it's just the wrong frame, right? I don't think we get to a sudden, okay, this is now mainstream. Because I think the analogies people like to use, oh, this is like 1993. And now we have Netscape that's going to kind of kick off this adoption. The difference is there was no internet before. Whereas now with crypto, it's a subset of the internet. So inevitably, like it isn't a step function of a change for a consumer. If you just kind of the simple thing of, okay, I can get an Uber with Uber, or someone goes build the centralized Uber, you still get the Uber. Whereas pre-internet, there was no Uber, taxis or whatever, but the step function change is the zero to one. And I think where crypto is always fairly or unfairly compared is this, I think when people are being unreasonable, they're trying to say it's a step function change, but it's probably more incremental. And I think that's even the wrong frame to be thinking about as an entrepreneur, because I actually think what's interesting is if you can just actually shift to say what new experiences or things that are fundamentally not possible in web two, can you actually start to build? And so that's one of the first principles in terms of building that we've approached with Farcaster is use the amount of web two or web three as minimal as possible. Like the amount of stuff we put on chain is as small as possible and then leverage everything else from web two, that's great in terms of usability and speed and all of that. And see if you can actually start to get to a fundamentally new experience. And in our case, it's a social network where the backend is truly a protocol and is permissionless. And then figure out, okay, how do you scale that from there without trying to say that everything is fundamentally better? Because to be totally frank, it's not. Our client for Farcaster is pretty good, but it is not as good as something like Twitter yet. And so there's a lot of work to do. But I think that's okay because just like having an open brainstorm session, I just reached, I feel like a stage on Twitter. I just crossed 10K followers. And as a creator, as a content creator, that's a pivotal moment for me and for many other creators. But I still like going to these other platforms because they act as pockets of information and they act as pockets of reset. I feel like there's too much going on sometimes on these mainstream platforms. Whereas in these new social platforms, it's like things are just starting to cook up. Like