data that you can actually go pull from the UN or, you know, the EIA on the energy side, and you can verify yourself. And you can say, okay, yeah, that chart is actually true. And so from that regard, I think it's a really interesting book if you've never read it, because it will challenge maybe some preconceived notions on, oh, the US is declining, right? If you like, read the Ray Dalio book of like, losing US reserve currency. And I know we've talked about this a little bit. Like, I think Ziahan in major points has convinced me that the US is not going to lose its reserve currency anytime soon. And the primary reason is I don't think any other country has like a particularly great outlook. And so far, I think he's kind of right. Like, and so, you know, maybe Bitcoin or a cryptocurrency eventually replaces the global reserve currency. Like, that's an area where he was recently on Joe Rogan, and he said that that wasn't going to happen. But, so I disagree with him there. But then the question is, we're just going to argue on timing, because I don't think anyone realistically thinks that the reserve currency of the world is going to be Bitcoin next year. But 10 years, 10 years is a long time, right? So. Yeah. Yeah. Just, yeah. Sorry, I wanted to add some points and then close it out. Yeah. In the globalization point, I really think that that's happening, but I think it's going to be, instead of making cheap stuff in, you know, other countries, we're going to make cheap stuff in the countries themselves. So I think a really good example, I mean, Teslas are not necessarily cheap, but they're trying to make the cars cheaper and cheaper. And, you know, with automation and like more robots and things like that, we can actually make really cheap stuff in the US, in America, in Germany, in China. And I think that's the trend. Another thing that I was thinking about the other day is how, you know, the US and Russia took very similar stances. The US basically blocked Russia, you know, from, I think, getting back their money from treasury. And Russia basically blocked, you know, like they had a lot of, they didn't block, but they had a lot of power within Europe, especially Germany, with regards to natural gas. But both situations, they found a way around it, you know, like Russia sold it to China or other countries and Europe found natural gas from, I think, the US. So like this, the globalization, didn't like, even though countries are trying to block each other, the world is so connected and there's so many connections everywhere. That's really, really hard for one single country to have such a strong influence, that being either the US or Russia, which maybe that's wrong, but that's what I was thinking the other day. And then maybe you call it re-globalization, right? Like it's just going to reshift the way things are. And yeah, I think that that's right. And look, if you believe in free markets, like if there's a high enough price somewhere, someone is going to try to solve that, even if the oceans are a little bit more pirate-filled or infested. And, you know, some of the things that Zion says, like you kind of like roll your eyes and saying, okay, like probably not going to happen. That said, I do think it's a useful exercise. And I would give credit to the Biden administration on, A, they've been very aggressive on the trade stuff because they're viewing the kind of Taiwan situation. It's a continuation of some of the stuff that Trump was doing. And I think that the other thing, and it's full of pork, but the fact that the US is now actually investing in onshore chip manufacturing at some level of scale that beyond what we already have, I think is a very positive long-term trend. And then to your point, and I'm a little bit of an Elon stan on this part, but like, I think that the Tesla robot, which everyone loves to make fun of, whether it's Tesla or somebody else, like it's so clear to me that that is what's going to happen where all of a sudden you're going to have a massive deflationary effect because you're going to actually be able to do dangerous and dirty and jobs that basically people don't want to do. We have a structural shortage of employment in the US now. I think that is going to be a huge impact on our ability to decide how we want as a country, where we want to engage in the world and what we want to do. And I'm generally very pro-isolationist. I think we should kind of fix our own problems at home before we're worried about other people. And I think we can offer certain things to other people that want to help us, but I think we have a lot of people in our country that we need to actually focus on first and a lot of issues and infrastructure that we need to improve rather than mucking around in other people's problems. And that's actually one of the things I think the Zion book also really made me realize, and this just idea of energy independence is, I think that's actually the root of all evils of everything is if we can get to some level of super abundant energy in the US with a combination of nuclear, solar, natural gas. And if we can get to that point, I think that just like the world that we can build in our country, but also around the world is going to be really great. And so that's like, if I could redo the technical background that I have, it would be, because I have a pretty limited technical background, it would be much more in the world of atoms than software. But my goal is try to impact the world of software enough that I can then make some impact in the world of atoms later. Yeah. With that note, with that great note, thank you so much for taking the time and talking to me. I really, really appreciate it. I know how busy you are with Forcaster. It's really, really hard to build something really valuable. And I think you and Varun are in the path of doing it. Again, I really, really appreciate it. And I hope you have a great weekend. Thank you. Yeah. Great. All right. Perfect.