Ethereum seems to actually have a strong user base, but we'll see. It's hard to say in five years, at least in my opinion. One question that I have though is, what are the, for Ethereum, what are the things that you think Ethereum is doing really well and things that Ethereum can actually improve? Yeah, we can start there. Yeah, so look, for better, for worse, gas costs. That's, it's just not good for growth, right? And when you understand what gas costs are, it's okay, we have this limited amount of resource, we're now having a free market for it. In some ways, it's quite elegant and great. But if you're in the, I'm trying to build an application that's gonna scale to millions, if not billions of people, that just like directly interacting with Ethereum is just not gonna happen because I think the real preference of consumers is they like free, right? And so I think driving down gas costs through whatever set of techniques, whether that's kind of optimizations of how the network works or using L2s and then figuring out what applications should live in L2s, assuming you can actually get good security guarantees. I know that's the priority, but I think it's very clear that it's a blocker to growth as a result of having high gas costs. And so maybe there could have been an argument, and I don't know how I feel about this because I do like the security guarantees of having a lot more decentralization within Ethereum, but maybe you say, hey, make the blocks bigger because that's a parameter change effectively. And yes, you're gonna get less decentralization because of the result that it's gonna be harder to run a full node, but maybe that's right. I haven't actually spent enough time thinking about that, but the builder in me is a little bit more oriented towards that. To be fair, that was my original opinion of what Bitcoin should have done, is the Bitcoin block should be bigger and make a bet that the computing platforms, whether it's storage or network bandwidth or processors, or everything just gets faster. And then this is not as much of an issue, but I'm also not working on any of those protocols directly. So that's just my opinion. I think what Ethereum has done really well, and this is the primary reason I'm most interested in it as someone building. Like I wanna be clear, like my previous answer on Bitcoin, it's actually less on the investment. Like, do I think like this is money versus this is money or like what should be your allocation or like, am I a Bitcoin or an Ethereum? No, I just think from a pure, like I wanna build an application that has some credible amount of decentralization and the core aspects of the architecture, in our case identity, Ethereum is the natural place to go build that. Our Forecaster identity registry contract is actually a relatively simple in the scheme of Ethereum, like smart contracts. And doing that on Ethereum means I get all of the composability and everything else happening in the ecosystem. You bring up Uniswap, right? Forecaster usernames are going to be NFTs. So out of the box, whether it's Uniswap's NFT platform or OpenSea, all of the economic infrastructure for NFTs, which people think of as, you know, like monkey JPEGs or whatever. No, no, like the domain name auction system, which if you've ever tried to buy a domain name in the DNS world, it's pretty clunky versus buying an NFT is like modern e-commerce in the scheme of things. And so all of that comes out of the box, right? And so you can have all these sophisticated, you can have auctions, you can have listed prices, you can, and then they're completely composable. So someone could take an NFT, create ERC20s on it and then actually have a Uniswap pool and then based on if you control the majority share of those ERC20s, you can actually now use this Forecaster account. The amount of permissionless innovation that can now happen at that level of our stack is, I think, extraordinary. And it starts to compound on each other, right? It's like for every new thing like Uniswap or OpenSea, in addition to all the tooling like MetaMask and all this other stuff, it just further makes it more appealing for people when they have their next interesting idea to want to go build on top of that. And I use it akin to whether it's Linux or JavaScript or whatever, where once you start to get the ball rolling in one of these kind of composable open source communities, people naturally want to build something that other people will use. And so they're going to go, you're going to write it as an NPM package or a Python package because all the machine learning people are going to use it. And so I think that that is the thing that Ethereum has done the best. And I think when my biggest critique of other blockchains trying to compete with Ethereum is it's not a checkbox. Oh, well, we have this version of a Uniswap, or we have like, it's not a matrix where if you can do all these actions, then people are going to move over to your chain. It's this intangible thing of, I have an interesting new idea. Where is the marginal developer going to go try that idea? They're going to try it where there's the most liquidity, right? It's not about the functionality. It's about the fact that a bored ape or a punk actually, and not even that, you can take something that's even cheaper, like an NFT that you'd want to play around with is actually already on Ethereum. And so that is the single best thing that Ethereum has going for it. And even if they screw up a whole bunch of other things, it's a very difficult thing to unwind. And I would just caveat that with is if someone really comes through with some huge technical innovation, then maybe people will say, hey, it's actually worth rebuilding the ecosystem because this is actually a step function change rather than something that's incremental. And I think people get really hung up on transactions per second. And that's not actually the, that's not the, that's more incremental than people think because anything that's like a lot of transactions per second, if you just add a lot more transactions per second, at some point the bandwidth of that blockchain is going to be full, right? And so I think it's like some fundamentally new architecture or whatever, but in that case, I think a lot of those next generation approaches are actually being built for Ethereum, right? You have your L2s like Optimism and Arbitum, and then you also have the ZK approaches that if some of these things that are still very science experimenty right now, they end up working out, then you get kind of the best of both worlds. You get the usability of one of these things that can then compile back down to the security of Ethereum. And maybe someone's able to achieve the same stack on top of Bitcoin, but I think going back to this idea of the developer momentum and each interesting thing that happens on Ethereum encourages the next marginal developer to work on it. I think that's the thing that Bitcoin had for a moment in time. It was very much the case, 2014 to late 2016, even, when I was at Coinbase, there was still a lot of energy around building on Bitcoin. And then I think 2017, it really shifted over to Ethereum. And you can take the negative side of that coin and say, oh, it was just a bunch of scam ICOs or whatever. But I actually think the thing that lasted, and it clearly worked because what happened, I think, with the DeFi build out over the last few years, is 2017, the energy around Ethereum and the excitement around Ethereum as a developer platform, captured enough interest that you then ended up getting a bunch of economic infrastructure that got built out. And again, you can criticize DeFi as being kind of, whether you want to say scammy or not big enough or whatever, but the reality is that Uniswap is actually an amazing application. It works, right? And through all these big crypto blowups, none of the DeFi protocols actually blew up. It was the, you know, Terra notwithstanding, because it's slightly different in the sense that the Uniswaps and the Aves and the compounds of the world performed this function, right? Or as designed. And I think that that is, I don't know. I like, I think people just want to believe what they want to believe. And so if you don't like crypto, you're just going to find every reason to come up with dumb reasons for crypto. But again, I go back to NFT for us is actually this really interesting thing because we get all this economic infrastructure for free. And I just view NFT as no different than a file format, right? It's like JPEG or PNG. And it's like, oh, what else other things can you do with a PNG? And I think people get way too religious about like these crypto things versus thinking of them as building blocks. And it's like, I always approach it from, and the thing that's gotten me most interested in crypto over the last 10 years is just like, what can I build with this? Like what new thing can I offer that wasn't possible before? And in the case of Farcaster, it's we can build a web two-like experience on the social network, but under the hood, the identity is truly sovereign. It is not controlled by any individual, any company, any organization or country. And we're not quite there yet, right? Like we're not on Ethereum mainnet. You need to decentralize the governance of the contracts. But when that happens, those Farcaster governance or those Farcaster registry contracts will run forever with the programming that they've been instantiated with. And no one can go and take your username pointer away. And I think that that is a really powerful thing because it'll encourage developers to build the next Facebook, the next TikTok, the next Instagram on top of a protocol, because they know that this institution effectively is really solid and it's gonna outlast any government or different administration or set of rules. Yeah, I agree 100% with you there. And I think I usually make an analogy in my head with like Ethereum as a blockchain with JavaScript. It was like really early on and it has such a big ecosystem and now it has been improving so much over time and it's catching up with like newer languages, but the ecosystem is so, so big. And I think Ethereum is the same. And another point that I thought it was interesting, the Uniswap, right? Like I was looking at their growth and their growth was, I think in 2.5 years, they grew as much as Coinbase grew in seven years. And I think Coinbase is one of the fastest growing companies to IPO out of YC. Like I was thinking about it and looking at their market cap, it was really, really fast. Even though inside there were ups and downs and maybe there were times of slowness because of crypto winterness, the growth is really astounding. Okay, I have one last question because we're running out of time. That's related to book recommendations. Do you have a book recommendation that shifted completely your view on something and you recommend, you're an avid reader. And so any book recommendations there? Yeah, I think the book, I would say in the last 10 years that shifted my point of view, at least at the time, the most was definitely Peter Zayan's Accidental Superpower. And I've talked a lot about Peter Zayan and tweeted about it, casted about it. But the basic premise is this is a book that was, I think came out in 2014. And so it was kind of written around 2012. And Peter Zayan is a kind of like a strategy consultant for geopolitics. And he kind of has a historical framework that he brings to the table where he basically says all of the great empires first started out by having really good internal transport within their country, usually a navigable river and good external barriers to prevent invaders from showing up. The quintessential example of this is Egypt. Egypt had a navigable river for the most part on the Nile and desert on either side. So it kind of keeps invaders out. And so you have this civilization that flourishes for a really long time. And then he kind of shifts to saying the next kind of major advantage for countries is deep water navigation. And then finally industrialization. And his point is the accidental superpower is the United States because it has the best river system in the world, the Mississippi, Missouri. It has two giant oceans as barriers protecting it. The best Navy in the world, like effectively the only real Navy in the world and industrialization in the sense that it has all the resources that ever needs for itself. And so he kind of has that as his framework and it's a very geography driven. And he goes through basically all the major countries and he kind of walks through all of their issues. And he does this in the second book as well. He also kind of predicts in this book a couple of major trends. So the first is deglobalization. So when he's writing it, we're kind of at peak globalization and everyone is assuming that this is just gonna continue forever, cheap stuff at Walmart made in China. And he's saying, hey, like the trend is actually going the other way. He says that you're gonna probably see some type of populist president in the US that is like anti-free trade, which he kind of gets the idea of Trump. And then he says the US is actually gonna be energy independent with this fracking thing. And he thinks it's gonna take longer. And then his followup book, he basically is like, I got that wrong. It ended up happening way faster. But, and I think all of this stuff is culminated with the war in Ukraine where, and now that zero interest rates are going away, we're kind of like a return to history, so to speak of like, okay, like the world is a little bit more of a tough place. Like we're not living in this like 30 year post Berlin wall, end of the Soviet Union, globalization boom. And we're now kind of back to maybe a more of a great powers game where you have the US and China and Russia and people kind of figuring things out. And I think the Ukraine war, he both nailed in predicting that Russia would invade Ukraine in one of his books. And then the other thing is that the supply chain impacts of taking a country like Russia out of the global supply chain has had some pretty big reverberations and is actually changing geopolitical moves for a bunch of different countries. And so that book I think was important to me because I think I had spent a bunch of time in college and then kind of in San Francisco. And I think I was a little bit more just consuming a lot of mainstream information. And I think that book was the beginning of me kind of being a little bit more independent thinking in terms of trying to diversify the set of sources that I'm getting, focusing on first principles or primary sources. I mean, being friends with biology and others like that, I think has accelerated that as well, but also even working in crypto because there's a concept called Gelman amnesia. I always say his name wrong, he's a famous physicist where he'd say, I'm reading the New York Times and I'm reading the science section and I'm reading something about physics. And I know every single incorrect, inaccuracy written in this article. And I'm like, wow, how does this even get published? This is just kind of crap. And then flip the page and there's some more happening in some other country. And then you just take the section that you're not an expert in as complete truth because you just don't have any way of pointing out the holes. When at the same time, this is the same publication that on the page that you know the information about is not covering stuff correctly. And so having gone through that for five years at Coinbase and crypto, I just generally the way the mainstream media covers crypto is extremely lazy. Like very, very rare to get someone to come in with the nuance or actually do the extra work to maybe get the right quote. They tend to get people who are just like incendiary on the quote side. And the law of bad headlines is just like, okay, like we're gonna write the most negative headline that you possibly have. Crypto doesn't help itself. So it's not like it's all roses and rainbows and it's unfairly covered. I think it's more, that really had me start to think. And especially actually after I left Coinbase and I took some time off and I did some travel and I spent some time outside the US and I really got to a place where, okay, I actually don't wanna have any one individual or source be the primary way that I think. I wanna be able to compile it across a bunch of different points of view. And so it really kicked off when I was off before starting to work on Forecaster is I tried to read a lot of history books and try to get a lot of diverse points of view. And look, I still read the headlines of the New York Times and Wall Street Journal every single day. I actually don't even need to read the article most of the time because at this point, I've read so many of those articles, I probably know the format of what's gonna be said or you only need to read the first two paragraphs or like, you get past the intro and then you actually find the point that they're making. But a lot of times they just communicate in the headline and then you can just read what people are saying on Twitter as the meta commentary. But the point is I read that, but then I also try to get exposed to as many different ideas on something like Twitter. And so one of the reasons I'm super interested in building something like Forecaster is A, I hope it to be global scale so that as many different viewpoints in the world that exist can actually be on this just like the internet is. But also I think that what's cool about building something that's gonna have a permissionless set of data and APIs is I actually think developers as the network and protocol continues to grow are gonna really surprise us in terms of coming up with new ways of presenting information. And like one example of this is I've always, always wanted a new site that tries to just basically show you here is the closest thing to a factual event that we can report, like the highest certainty of like something happened. And then give you the opposing views or you can dial it being like, okay, I want a slightly right of center take on this or I want a slightly left of center or I want the extreme views on the same issue. Right, and so it's just like, I don't know, but whatever the news is, like the Biden documents, I could care less about the Biden documents but based on what news source you read, it like is either a nothing burger or it's like the biggest, biggest thing ever. And what I would actually prefer to have is like a bunch of different viewpoints. And obviously I would love them to be intelligent, right? I'd love an intelligent left leaning take and I'd love an intelligent right leaning take. But I think in a world where you really have full access to the data and APIs of a network like Twitter, which is the gold forecaster, you will actually have people create things like that. And with machine learning and stuff like that, you could actually get to a place where, you could build apps that deliberately try to get you outside of the filter bubble. Whereas I think with the current instantiation of Twitter and who knows, Elon may change it. It's actually about time spent. So if you naturally have an inclination to follow right or left leaning content, you're just like the proverbial like YouTube radicalization, you are actually going to get more and more of the same type of content if you're engaging with that. And so having the freedom to create your own client that maybe doesn't have that self-referential loop or it's like, hey, it looks like you're actually getting too much of one side. Like we're gonna actually inject actively the other side. I don't know, the free market can decide if people actually wanna live in that kind of world. So long answer on Zahan, but I think it, and by the way, I don't agree with everything that he says. I think he underestimates technology a lot and he glosses over a lot of details. But I think what's great about Zahan is he presents a lot of fair or written content that pushes community