where I can't even really imagine or speculate on what those might be. But there might be a bunch of different models that people can come on and experiment with. And like we talked about earlier, whoever creates the best models likely win. And hopefully it's not quite as power law as sort of the centralized landscape today, but I'm sure there'll be a few platforms that sort of dominate to some extent. Last question for you, you talked about using, I think it was called Feedbin for your RSS reader. I know you've been sort of prolific. I think you've called yourself an Infovore and grew up, I understand, reading a lot of newspapers and then always been reading tons of books and RSS and Twitter for 15 years. If there's anyone I'd like to ask about how they craft their information diet and think about what they're consuming and what information they're intaking, I think you're as good of a candidate as I could think about. So I'm curious, beyond the RSS feed, any sort of principles you have or observations you can reflect on from the development of your information diet over time? Like you also mentioned Fred Wilson's blog and Chris Dixon's and Mark Andreessen, these are a lot of the same people that I'm interested in reading and have read their blogs as well. So I'm curious just to hear about the development of your information diet over time. Yeah, a couple of rules. My Twitter account has shifted a little bit because I'm spending so much more time on Forrecaster that I spend a lot less time on Twitter. For a long time, I only followed 100 people on Twitter and was pretty maniacal about trying to use it as reverse chronological feed. And if you approach it like that, if people post too much stuff that you don't like, you just unfollow them. I'm now in the place where I follow a thousand people and part of it is so that I can get signal into people getting invited to Forcaster. So it's an algo feed there and I find it infuriating. It would be interesting actually if you could tune your own algorithm in a way that you could explicitly say, don't do this, don't do that. So I'm a little bit more rules-based than machine learning, but I don't know, maybe if you get to multiple clients in an ecosystem, one team could actually build a machine learning algorithm that would make me satisfied. So I tend to be more oriented towards my RSS feeds as well as newsletters, which I think Substack has really taken up a ton of share in terms of my information diet. I think the honest answer is since I've been working at Forcaster, I've spent less and less time outside of just consuming information on Forcaster. I do think that the nice thing about an RSS reader is I have a couple of folders of just high priority blogs. So like Marginal Revolution I've been reading for a decade, Darren Fireball, the same thing. And so there's just a set of blogs that I've tuned over time that I know they don't post too many times a day and basically everything they post is high signal. And I tend not to follow as much news because I actually think news is pretty commodity. And I think Paul Graham made a good observation of this is that you can actually follow the news on more of a weekly basis than a daily basis and get pretty much the same amount of information. And I think that if anything, you improve it because you get higher signal, right? Things actually take a couple of days and you get the actual facts start to come out. I think the other thing that is if you've just spent enough time reading stuff on the internet, like tech news for me, I can go to techmeme.com and I can just flip the bits, so to speak, in that I don't even need to click through to most of the stories. I can just read the headline and wait both what that means, like, oh, okay, Adobe sold the Figma for 20 billion. I really don't need to get into all these details. But I can just update all the different parts of my brain of like, okay, what does that actually mean? How do I think about startups, a startup that's deliberate for the first few years about building rather than... So that's how I kind of approached my information diet rather than deeply engaging with every piece. And I really try to save the decision power that is required to actually think to really dig in on an essay, is I try to put a couple of those for the weekend. And I've never been a really good user of something like Instapaper or Pocket, but I just email myself a couple of those things and I just leave them in my inbox, which is my to-do list. And then on a weekend, in a quiet moment, I just try to actually spend some time to read through an essay or two. But I think that the nice thing about building something like Farcaster is a lot of people share interesting stuff on Farcaster. And one of the reasons I really like screenshot essays is it's not as long as a well-thought-out essay or even a book. But the promise that you get with a screenshot essay compared to something like a Twitter thread is I know that if I click this thing open, the approximate amount of time for me to read a screenshot, like a single screenshot of text, is defined. And I think that there's also a benefit to having that constraint in terms of making your point, which is longer than a small in-feed text unit, but shorter than a normal blog post. And so I'm selfishly hoping more people try to post things that are, again, longer than a tweet length, but as long as something on Substack, just so that I can consume more interesting points of view without spending necessarily the time. Yeah, those are lots of great strategies. I sort of, like I mentioned, I pegged you as a good person to ask about this, but that even exceeded any response that I could have expected about sort of some principles and just ways to systematize how you interpret data and collect information and all of that. So really interesting. And Dan, again, I want to thank you for coming on. We'll wrap up here because we've gone sufficiently over talking about the sufficiently decentralized social network. But where can people go to, how do you want to instruct them to get involved or follow along? Should they DM you on Twitter still? Or how can people follow the future of Farcaster? And then also if you're comfortable, I don't know, I think it'll be, you know, this podcast won't go out for another week or so. So you'll have shipped what I understand is a pretty good feature. So if you want to talk about that in closing as well, that'd be great. Yeah. So if anyone wants to get access to Farcaster, DM me on Twitter. I'm DWR. And just say that you heard the pod and that'll be a good sign that you're not a bot. I think the feature that we're releasing on Wednesday, assuming everything lands is DM. So we're not actually calling direct messages. We're calling them direct casts because everything on Farcaster should just be a cast and you're either doing a broadcast, which is public or a direct cast, which is private, but hoping to have that in place in the next two days.