Yeah, so I think we've been intentional with our growth strategy for a couple of reasons. So there's a basic practical reason. We're on testnet still, and we need to migrate to mainnet next year. So every user that we have sign up one way or another, we have to actually pay. We're going to do the migration for the beta users to mainnet. So we're actually paying for people to move to mainnet. So there's a little bit of in our mind that it's not free. We're going to actually pay. And I think that that mentality is useful because I also think it feeds into the second point, which I think when you're starting an early social network, you're still trying to actually figure out norms of that social network and then the product surface area that need to kind of like match those norms. And if you grow too fast, you run into two issues. One, and this actually kind of applies to companies. And I kind of saw this a little bit at Coinbase when we were scaling quite a bit in 2017, 2018, is when you're a small company and people have been there for a while, people kind of know what the culture is and the norms and how things get done. But then if you get in kind of this hyper growth mode, the percentage of new people, so define that as like people who are new to the company within the last three months at any given time starts to get something like crazy. It's like 30% of the employee base at Coinbase during that kind of period of growth was new. And because so many people are new, you start to deviate away from what made the company and culture potentially successful before. And naturally, and this is not blame, this is how people work, is if you don't know what kind of the new norm and culture for that company is, you're going to just bring it in from whatever company it came in from before, Google, Microsoft, whatever. Similarly with the social network, if we grow really, really fast with Forecaster and you don't have enough time to kind of like marinate and really understand like, oh, this is how people do things here, what you're basically going to import is the culture of Twitter, which we can say there are some good things about Twitter and there are plenty of bad things about Twitter. And so I think where we wanted to be deliberate was in kind of just keeping, it's not like we haven't been onboarding people, it's just like onboard cohorts of people, a couple hundred people a week, and then A, let it settle with the existing culture of the network. And then similarly, there's another thing that I think is really important is consumers, you know, it's funny, people tend to like pretend consumers are somehow dumb or sheep or whatever when they refer to them for products. But actually I think consumers are really sophisticated. And so what they do is they're going to make a snap judgment about that onboarding experience, that initial kind of first few minutes they play around with the app. And then that's going to be kind of like seared into their brain. And when they think of, they hear the word Forecaster, whatever that first two minutes of using the app. And if you try to grow as fast as possible, then all of a sudden you have all these things that are kind of broken just because you haven't gotten around to polishing them up. And you have this culture that's not solidified enough. And so you actually, I think, burn through a ton of potential people who, if they had come in maybe a more deliberate and slow manner, might have actually found whatever product or social network you're building really engaging. And so I think where we've approached it is we have to move it to mainnet at some point. So like, there's kind of this constraint of like, don't grow too, too fast for it. And while doing that, try to figure out what the culture of Forecaster is, and again, match the feature set to that. And then the last point is like, pay a lot of attention on retention, right? So it's like, if you have a couple hundred people joining a week, you have enough data to kind of see it's like, okay, well, what percentage of those people come back on the kind of next day or day seven or day 30? And really try to hold yourself to a bar where you're not saying, oh, this is good for crypto. Like no, no, no, like we should be building a social network that's as good as a Web2 social network with the additional friction of having to create a username on chain. So it's like, that's the only way you're actually ever make something that's competitive with like a Web2 network is you're not competing against Web3 stuff. Actually attention is a zero sum game, and people are already using the Web2 stuff. So you actually need to build something so compelling that they're willing to reduce the amount of time they're spending somewhere else to spend in Europe. So like, just approaching it like that, for us means there's a ton of work to do. And you know, growth at all, by all means, early on is not what we're focused on. Can we actually sustainably continue to grow and build something that people find actually really valuable? And if we do that over the course of two years or so, I think we can get to a place where when we do kind of shift maybe a little bit more on a how can we grow this network to be as big as possible. A lot of those basics are really well defined and handled in that kind of first user experience in the app. I really like what you said about how you're competing with Web2 social apps and not actually Web3. And I think this is something that a lot of Web3 builders, not just in the social space, but across the board, tend to forget. I think people in Web3 tend to build for their friends who are also on Web3 and forget that, you know, like the majority of people out there are still very much living in a Web2 world and haven't gotten there yet. So I just wanted to double underline that part of what you said. We did get a ton of questions from the community, from Twitter and from Warpcast. So I'm going to go through some of our community questions and see how many we can get through with the time we have left. The first one comes from Sai Winther Tamaki from Warpcast, says, are there any apps you haven't built because of Apple's app store restrictions? That's something that you had mentioned earlier in our conversation. And then I'm just going to tack on to that and ask, you know, what other apps have been built on Farcaster so far other than Warpcast, if any? And then I know you've also got a list of, I think, about 50 app ideas that you have to be built on Farcaster that you would love to see be built. So I'd also be curious to hear, like, which of those ideas you're most excited about. And then, like, what's the call to any devs listening about how they can go about building an app on Farcaster? Well, for any devs listening to the call, and if you're not on Farcaster, if you send me a DM on Twitter, DWR, and you use the word Arizona, it's just like a keyword I use to search. So find people who made the proof of work through the podcast, I'm happy to give you a Farcaster invite. So going back to the Apple, I think Apple has some pretty strict restrictions on two things that I think in the scheme of things would be beneficial to the Farcaster ecosystem. So the first is, like, the idea of having an app store within an app store, right? Like, we want to actually surface more apps that are being built within the Farcaster ecosystem from our own app, Warpcast. But if it looks like an app store in your app, Apple doesn't like that. So I think we have to be a little bit more thoughtful about how we do that. One other way we can do that is desktop and web, which are not in an app store. So maybe that's one way to approach it. But I would love the ability to actually showcase other apps in the ecosystem in a way that kept Apple happy. But that's the rule for now. I think a second one is just NFTs are pretty tricky, because I think currently they fall under the in-app purchase digital good categorization, similar to buying gold tokens in a game. I think if you're more sophisticated, you kind of realize that that's not the case, but that's the rule. And so I think that there are probably some NFT features that we would be excited about adding if the rules allowed it. I think on the just, like, general ecosystem, so last year at this time, I think we had, like, maybe one or two people who had just tinkered with something on top of the Farcaster protocol. And a year before that, it was just us. Whereas I think now we're at a point where, you know, we have dozens of apps to different degrees of sophistication. A lot of just kind of like weekend projects, people scratching an itch, playing around with the data. And then I actually just mentioned this to the team today. There are three venture-backed teams now working within the Farcaster ecosystem, which, you know, for a year-over-year growth, that's, like, pretty good from a developer ecosystem. So I think that the level of sophistication and or resources that are starting to be invested in Farcaster apps is growing, which is exciting. But one thing that's neat about a protocol is that you don't have to have venture-backed money or sophistication. Like, if you have an idea for an app, you can just go build it. And maybe the audience of that might be only, you know, you or 10 people, but you can still do it and you don't have to worry about us coming around and doing what Twitter did is, oh, okay, API is now paid. Like, you need to pay me to do it. Like, so if you want to create a bot that just kind of does something, I don't know, irreverent or silly, great, go for it. And so I think that that is an important characteristic of a permissionless network is you can have a whole range of different size and sophistication of teams, and that's completely fine. And if anything, like, I think what makes a network like Farcaster or a protocol like Farcaster special is that irreverent, like, you know, single developer who just had a wacky idea on a weekend. And sometimes those things turn into something way bigger or they don't, and it doesn't matter. And so the thing I tried to do recently, because I had a lot of people like, oh, I want to build this or that. And I kind of wanted to just, as an exercise, broaden the horizons of, like, what could you be building on top of Farcaster? And I put a post together, about 50 ideas, and I was pretty clear. It's, like, lightly edited, haven't really thought too, too much about each of these. They might not even be good, you know, app ideas and or business ideas don't, like, come back to me and no one used the product. Why did you give me that idea? But it was more about, like, I think naturally, when you build on something new, you kind of look to see what's working. And in our case, like, we have this app that looks very similar to Twitter. Because I think a lot of the initial apps have been kind of Twitter-like. But I do think we're starting to see people working on different form factors. And again, maybe clones of other existing social networks that they know work, like something that looks like Instagram Stories, or a Be Real equivalent. But I think where you get to, and this happens with any new technology, is the initial set of people tinkering around tend to be a little bit more skeuomorphic of what existed before, right? So the original way of putting information on the internet for a traditional publisher was like, we're going to try to make this look like a magazine, whereas obviously today, like a web page has a distinct look versus printed media. And so I think it just takes some time as people need to kind of like be using the apps and or the protocol for some period of time where they can actually start to develop that more native mechanism for that new kind of primitive technology. And I think a good example of this in Ethereum and in DeFi, early Ethereum, the kind of like bet for decentralized exchanges was something like 0x, right? Which actually, if you look at the kind of way things are architected there, you had a bunch of these other clients that got built on top of 0x. Coinbase actually bought one in 2018, I think it was Paradex. And basically, the idea was, you were going to have these like order books or whatever, and you could kind of do these trades. And it didn't really gain any liquidity. And then a few years later, you got to Uniswap, which is actually a fundamentally new model. But you kind of realized that the AMM model, given the constraints of a blockchain is actually like a superior way to do some of this. And obviously, it's been phenomenally successful. And so I think that's like the thing I'm excited about is like what people are building today is like, that's kind of like a necessary part of the evolution of a protocol. But where I get really excited is just thinking about two or three years from now, the completely and wacky new ideas that people are going to be trying out that in aggregate, a bunch of them probably fail, but maybe a few of them work, or they actually fundamentally find some new social primitive or way of expressing, you know, just human creativity that maybe takes off. And so I get excited about the idea that you as a developer, don't have to ask anyone permission to start building a forecaster. Like if you if you're inspired at, I don't know, 10pm on a Friday, and you want to work the whole way through the weekend on some new concept, you can. Because Twitter API for a while for the last 10 years is like, you have to wait for them to give you an API token, and then they're going to rate limit you. And like, it's just like, all those little pieces of friction add up. And so I think getting to a place where it's just like you and a keyboard and an internet connection go like, that's, that's what I'm really excited about. Amazing. We are coming up on time. So I'm going to throw a couple of random non forecaster related questions at you from the community. And then we're going to wrap up with the game that we conclude every episode with. So the first sort of random question I've got from the community. This comes from sure, I'm gonna screw up your name. I'm so sorry. Sure. Pani Palakodetti wants to know, what would you major in in college if you were just graduating high school this year? Computer Science. Okay. Is that what you actually majored in? I was an English major. So okay, I regret I regret that as a as a major. So I would major in computer science. Okay, cool. Haydes from Warpcast wants to know, do you not like memes anymore? I don't know if this is in reference to something that I'm missing. But what are your thoughts on memes? I still like memes. Just been busy the last couple of weeks with, you know, the whole SVB blow up last Friday. You like, normally, there's a meme Friday on Forecaster, and I didn't do it last Friday. Okay, okay, we're gonna we're gonna do it this Friday. Okay, well, yeah. Blow up. How about that? Haydes was really upset about that. So So make sure just for Haydes sake that you know, we do another meme Friday. And then last one on a scale of one to 10. How happy do you feel with your life? This comes from Les Grace. I think eight and a half. That's pretty good. Yeah, I have a wonderful family. I feel really blessed and health is something that easy to take for granted. Yeah, eight and a half. That's a great answer. I actually love that question. I think I'm going to start asking all of my guests that question just to do a little mental health check and make sure everybody's doing okay. Cool. So I've got this. I wrap up every episode with the word association game. I'm sure you've played this before at some point, but basically, I'm going to say a word and I've got a box of words here. There's probably like 50 slips of paper in here. And these are often misused or overused words in web three. And I'm going to say a word and you say the first word that comes to mind. Got 10 of these. It should take us less than 60 seconds if all goes well. Great. Okay, cool. So first one. Governance. Nouns. Community. Nouns. Okay, so the not to censor. Okay, FWB. Okay. Yeah. So no, don't repeat. Don't repeat the word I say or the word that you already said. Ownership economy. NFTs. Merkle tree. Vitalic. Permissionless. Forecaster. Concentric circles. Growth. Media. Bankless. Dow. Maker. Layer two. Optimism. Substrate. I like how you just chose a proper noun for each word that was said. That's a good strategy. Good job. That went through. That went exactly how it was supposed to go. Sometimes it doesn't go so smoothly. Thank you so much, Dan, for coming on the podcast, giving us your time. I learned so much. And I'm sure our listeners did as well. Last thing before you go, tell people where they can find you if they want to follow you personally. I'll also remind people of the secret word to DM you with if they would like a Forecaster invite. And then also feel free to plug away at anything else, anything else you want people to check out or take a look at. Share all the links, all the handles. Yeah, look, just send me a direct message on Twitter. It's the easiest way to contact me for now. DWR. I'm the little pirate. I look at all of my DMs. And I think if you don't have a Forecaster invite, Arizona. But even if you do and or have feedback, I try to engage in good faith with everybody. So if you have thoughts and reasons you think you would use Forecaster, if there's something different about it, I'm open to that. Amazing. Cool. And then don't forget to check Forecaster on Fridays for Meme Fridays if you like memes. Thank you so much, Dan. Thank you listeners for tuning in. And we will be back again next Thursday with another episode of Rehash. Thank you for tuning in to this episode of Rehash. Rehash is hosted by Diana Chen, produced and edited by Ellie Dotz and Tyler Internet and sponsored by Lens, Empire Wallet and NFT.storage. Rehash is also supported by Rehash DAO, a community of NFT holders who curate our guest lineup each season. To get involved, head over to our website at rehashweb3.xyz and collect this episode as an NFT. Anyone who collects an episode becomes a part of Rehash DAO and will be able to nominate guests for future seasons. Voting rates are reserved for our guests, sponsors and OG crowdfund supporters. And to learn more about how to become a guest or sponsor, go to rehashweb3.xyz slash podcast. Finally, be sure to follow us on Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and TikTok at rehashweb3 or on Lens at rehash.lens.