My guest today is Dan Romero, CEO and co-founder of Farcaster, a decentralized social media protocol. Dan was an early employee in 2014 at Coinbase, where he led business development that laid the groundwork for Coinbase's fiat rails. He started Farcaster after becoming obsessed with the idea that RSS, the protocol upon which this show and all other podcasts are broadcasted, could be used to compete with Twitter. We'll take a look on how better thinking can result from creating a permissionless protocol that is optimizing feed algorithms for quality of conversation. Also we discuss Dan's contrarian take on why filter bubbles are actually a good thing. One of the core beliefs for myself and this show is that if we facilitate open and honest discourse it will lead to better decisions and therefore better outcomes for the entire world. After speaking with Dan, I can see how the success of Farcaster can directly contribute to this. LFG baby, let's start vibing. Zach French is a bar certified attorney and nothing expressed by Zach during Web3 with me shall be considered legal advice. All the opinions expressed by Zach and his guests are solely their own opinions. All content in Web3 with me is for informational purposes only. Zach and his podcast guests may maintain positions in the securities discussed during Web3 with me. Welcome to the show, Dan. Thanks for having me. I've been really excited about this conversation. Because you and I talked pre-recording a few weeks ago, I think that your application and your protocol are one of the most mentioned things by my group of friends in Web3 about where I should be focusing more of my resources. So I get to peel back the layers with you today. So I'm excited about that. Excited to chat. Cool, man. Well, I typically start these interviews with my audience getting to know you a little bit better, getting to know what makes Dan Dan. Call it your founding story, so feel free to start wherever you'd like. So I'm originally from the East Coast. Spent the first 18 years of my life there and even college and a little bit after college. And so roughly, I think it was like 25 or so, I moved out to Silicon Valley and started working in tech, like kind of always had been a dream of mine. And the first year I was in Silicon Valley, everyone had an opinion on Bitcoin and I had originally dismissed it as a Ponzi scheme. Like the actual backstory is I went to college with Fred Ersom, one of the two co-founders of Coinbase. And when I was first moving out to Silicon Valley, they just raised their series A. I think they just hired their first employee and they said, hey, do you want to kind of be an early employee at Coinbase? And I categorically dismissed what they were working on as a Ponzi scheme. It was like magic internet money. Like that's not what I came to Silicon Valley for. I want to work at a SaaS company. And sure enough, I am in Silicon Valley, you meet smart people, engineers, and everyone kind of has this point of view on Bitcoin and I'm completely ignorant to it. So finally get around to actually reading the Satoshi white paper, which if you've never read the white paper, I highly encourage it because it's cogent, it's short. Like you don't actually have to be that technical to understand it. And I think in reading the white paper and letting it kind of marinate a bit in my head, it started to shift where all I could start thinking about is, hey, this feels like a completely new paradigm, right? Like it's a new type of primitive and Chris Dixon has this phrase where it's like a computer that can make commitments. And so I got really excited about this potential of like what new things can people go build with this permissionless public blockchain, right? And so I ended up joining Coinbase in 2014. I originally started on the BD side of things, kind of trying to get merchants to accept Bitcoin as a payment method, but then quickly moved into managing the fiat partnerships for Coinbase. And if you think of Coinbase as a business, take fiat currency, swap it into crypto and vice versa. So those relationships are critical for the business to work. And so first did it internationally and then started doing it in the US and it's actually relatively timely given all the news in crypto right now about banking. Basically I was the first customer for all of the major crypto banks in the US. Like Coinbase was one of the only companies at the time, one of the only regulated companies at the time. And so spent a lot of effort trying to kind of establish and then maintain access to the fiat banking system. And I think one reason that this is hard is I think the average consumer thinks about if they want to go open up a bank, you just walk into a bank branch or you could probably do it in an app today, no problem. You fill out a few questions, you're good to go. Even with a company, like you can go get an account with Mercury or something like that. You don't even have to talk to them. But if you want a bank account that is actually processing payments back and forth, that requires like kind of a special onboarding process. And so you actually are almost reverse selling to the bank. Like you're trying to convince the bank why you should accept us as a customer and take our money. Is that considered a merchant account in that instance? Essentially, yeah. It's like a wholesale banking account. So you have direct access to the core fiat payment rails, whether that's ACH in the US, wires, or card payments is a completely different set of network. So I managed that and then ultimately ended up managing the entire consumer business for a period of time. So think of like Coinbase.com mobile app. I was the first GM of that business. Not good morning, but like a gentleman. Just for you Web3 people out there. Yeah. So I spent five years at Coinbase. Kind of the first few years, things were pretty sideways. There wasn't much growth. And then 2017, we had like a crazy year where we 100Xed a ton of metrics. Like went from 10 million in revenue to a billion dollars in revenue. Like company really grew up, like loomed in number of employees. We hired a bunch of executives. And then kind of over the next couple of years, I was basically in senior management, but it's still kind of middle management where it's like I had a much smaller scope of role. And still interesting, but I think that the initial growth of Coinbase was where I learned the most. And so I think once the company was in a relatively stable place, we'd hired out a full executive team like Emily Choi. I interviewed her. She's now the COO at Coinbase. I felt like it was kind of like my time to leave. So left in 2019, took a year and a half off. COVID extended that a little bit. Spent a ton of time traveling, reading, and got to a place where I was bored, which I thought was a good thing to then figure out what I wanted to do next. And then just so happened to reconnect with an ex-Coinbase colleague of mine, Vrun Srinivasan, who had run large engineering teams at Coinbase, similar, kind of like started early and grew up within the organization. And then we just started batting our ideas around. Like it was like, okay, should we think about doing something here or there? And one idea that I had been really excited about for a while, for almost a decade, is the idea of RSS, which is this kind of old school, boring, permissionless protocol, which by the way, this podcast is going to be distributed via RSS. If you're getting this via Spotify or Apple Podcasts or Google, the underlying plumbing that's pushing the podcast out is RSS. So it's still very much in use today. But from a consumer use case, it's basically fallen off. Google had this product called Google Reader and they shut it down in 2013. And there's really nothing that's been nearly as mainstream because basically what people did is they just shifted to Twitter or these kind of like feed-based mobile apps, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, whatever. So I had this idea that for a while, and it's inspired by a Paul Graham essay from 2009, that Twitter is this weird company that is a protocol that somehow, instead of being kind of this neutral thing, like most protocols, ended up within a company. And I kind of always had this idea. I was like, well, what could you do with RSS, which is an actual kind of permissionless protocol? How could you improve it enough that it could actually start to be competitive with Twitter? And so Varun and I started to explore this idea. The original name for the idea was RSS+, which two and a half years later is now Farcaster, which if you think of like Farcaster at its core is about, I put a message out on the internet and now people who want to see that message are going to get that message delivered to them in real time. And so I'm happy to talk a little bit more about that. But for the last two and a half years, I've been working on Farcaster. Yeah. I want to get more into that because I know one of the things that I was thinking about as I was preparing for the interview was how to visualize the Farcaster stack. But before we get into that, I want to talk about how you've kind of identified at your time at Coinbase that, and one of my former guests used this, that you're more of a person that likes to play with kittens, not cats. Some people are built more for the fast paced, do a lot of everything environment that is presented in startups. And then some people prefer to be in a fully scaled organization where everything's operationalized and you're building processes and making it repeatable and all that kind of stuff. Is that kind of like the place you found yourself in when you kind of hit that like hyper growth mode, if you will, in the Coinbase? Yeah, I think I can play in both worlds. And I think I did okay as like, you know, an exec within the bigger organization of Coinbase. But my passion and my heart lies in just building new things. And I think to your point, it's a kind of like archetype of you're either into that or you kind of like the bigger scale. And so the idea that I could go back to working on a small team, you know, with a co-founder like Varun is just that seems way more enticing. One of the actual things we're doing with our... So our company is Warpcast, whereas Farcaster is the protocol. The analogies I always like to make, email to Gmail, Ethereum to Metamask, Farcaster the protocol to Warpcast. But Warpcast is the company. So we're kind of like building the initial version of the protocol, but also building our own app on top of it. We're going to keep the Warpcast team really small. So it's like, I think the magic, like Jeff Bezos has this concept of two piece of teams and just this, like keeping a team really small where you don't actually have to have a layer of management is like, to me, the Pareto optimal way of like going and building something because right now we have roughly 10 people like Varun and I can kind of manage the different people who are working on stuff, but it's really like a one-to-one relationship. It's like one person is working on the feature end to end and then kind of like paired with myself or Varun. And that I just feel is like super energizing. I'm really excited to show up to work every day because there's no overhead or like if we have one meeting a week, it's like the team meeting and that's it. And so this like being able to actually be as close to the metal as possible is just like the amount of energy that I get being able to do that compared to sitting in eight hours of zoom calls every day, managing effectively, which is like HR. It's just a completely different experience. And at least right now that like that's where I want to be spending my time. And so it's been really fun that for the last two and a half years, like basically just wake up every day and think about like, okay, what's the next thing for the protocol and what's the next thing for the product. I love that. So you've got kind of this, like you're always building mentality. And I imagine that includes providing a bunch of autonomy for the people that work for you to empower them to go make their own decisions so that they are not having to schedule a weekly one-on-one with you to go over each little thing they're doing. Yeah. And it's actually, it's a reflection of, I really enjoy autonomy and work like the magic of being early at a startup. It doesn't, not just Coinbase, but any company that goes through hyper growth is if you're early, you generally have like, you have to work on the hardest problems and then you have a ton of autonomy and being able to figure it out. Whereas naturally as a company gets a lot bigger, you just have more coordination costs. And so the autonomy decreases because you actually spend a lot more time building consensus and getting people aligned. And so the classic example is like, you have the meeting, where in theory that's where you do the alignment, but then you have the pre-wire and the pre-meeting before the meeting. And then as the organization gets bigger, it's like you have the pre-meeting before the pre-meeting, it just becomes this completely different game. And I actually think one thing that's interesting is if you look at early startup employees, how they kind of scale within a company that grows really fast, not everyone does, including myself, because they don't actually have the same skillset of if you start to bring in a professional management team, they understand the game that is the coordination of a big company and execs and managing personalities and all that other kind of stuff. Whereas the early stage startup employee is used to just being like, okay, we have this problem, how do we fix it? When can we fix it? Next problem. Like at an early stage, all you're doing is you're moving from one problem to the next problem without a loss of enthusiasm. I think I'm kind of paraphrasing someone else's quote, but that's effectively early stage startups. And then big stage startups that already kind of have an established business, it's a kind of about like, okay, how do you coordinate within this new kind of meta diplomatic political game? It's a Rorschach test. You can view that as like politics are terrible versus like, no, this is actually just the skillset that you need to do when you're managing a large organization of people. Yeah. Well, there's an aspect of sales and politics, right? And like that you have to be able to sell yourself. And I think the people that have friction with it kind of treat it as an unnecessary step. Right. But in reality, if you are able to sell your idea, sell yourself and do all that, you can establish yourself in these big organizations and start to move up if that's your goal. I think the difference is, at least in my experience is when I've been at larger organizations that eventually like you want to do something greater and like that can start as a side project in the organization and whether or not that gets adoption can depend on your ability to play that politics game, whether or not it's practical. That's when the frustration comes. But yeah. Yeah. I think just to simplify, like generally what happens at an early stage startup is you're doing external sales and then at a late stage startup or big company, it's actually a lot of internal sales in addition to your external sales. But I think Peter Thiel nails this in zero to one and I highly recommend it. Everyone who if they haven't read it, go read it. I need to reread it. Yeah. You can do a self reading or you can Blake Masters, who I guess now is a little bit of a different character, but he was the original one to take the notes. And he has the chapter on sales and marketing and Peter brings up a line, which I now kind of parrot is the field of dreams line. If you build it, they will come. That's a fallacy. Right. And so it's like every company, every idea that you kind of all these successful companies, there are some version of sales. Right. And if it's a consumer product that you can't actually do one to one sales for, that's called marketing. Right. And so it's like actually it's like you're trying to mass market consumer psychology. How can you actually pitch something that really resonates with people to bring them in? And if it's enterprise or something that's a little bit more narrow, then it's a hand to hand combat of sales. And so the most underrated skill in Silicon Valley is sales. And I think for engineers who I think typically are more systems thinkers, deterministic, sales sounds really frustrating because it's extremely messy because you're dealing with real people who are extremely complex. They're irrational or can be rational. It depends on the day. And I think the most useful thing is if you think about games, whether it's a board game or video game, there's a concept of the meta and the strategy that you need to figure out how to do it. And I think if you reshift sales as a category, whatever you're trying to do, whether it's internal or external, and you just think of it as like a game, it actually starts to become a little bit more systems thinking and a little bit more deterministic and actually can start to give energy. But going back to the point is if you're ultimately having to sell humans, humans are, it's draining, right? Like talking to another person. And so maybe you're naturally a little bit more introverted. I'm actually extremely introverted, but I play an extrovert on TV. The thing is, is though it's like it requires some level of extroversion to go and actually play this game. And so that's where I think sales gets this huge kind of like misconception within Silicon Valley. Although, you know, experienced people get this and Peter Thiel explaining it is important, but especially as we talk about what three in crypto, it's like the least sales oriented tech category that I've ever been a part of because people kind of have this fallacy of like, oh, well, if I just built this beautiful blockchain, everyone will just naturally adopt it because the technology is better. And if you actually look at a lot of the successful companies, projects, whatever, in terms of tractions, total number of sales, they're actually really good at sales. Like the one of the memes that exists is like Polygon, which I think has done an amazing job with all these partnerships. Why? Because they've actually done the sales, right? Not because necessarily the technology is better or something like that. And so I think that's one piece of advice I always give to entrepreneurs, like especially when I'm angel investing is you have to will the thing into existence through sheer force of personality and sales. Like the likelihood that you just like build this beautiful product and then everyone just kind of agrees that we should all use this and it just takes off and viral is just like it's like fake thinking. And actually, in most cases, I actually think if you peel back the onion behind most apps or kind of like these overnight success stories, there was some amazing sales or marketing at the beginning that they really nailed and they hit that seam. And yeah, then they got this kind of like really nice tailwind on their growth. But it really, really comes down to is like, can you actually figure out how to sell those initial people or market to those initial people? Wow, there's so much I need to unpack there. I want to start with one. How do you take your own advice at Warpcast in terms of what you just said? Well, I onboarded the first 400 users to Forecaster via Zoom call. So basically something equivalent to this. I mean, obviously this is a podcast, but hop on. I would screen share. I would give like a five minute overview presentation of just trying to explain because sometimes it's a little difficult if you're kind of using this app that we're trying to make feel similar to Web 2 and like really easy user experience. You're not realizing that there's a lot of stuff under the hood that's actually interesting from a protocol and decentralization standpoint. No consumer actually really cares about that. They just care. It's like Steve Jobs designs how it works. It's like the app is the only thing that matters. And so then I spent the rest of the call going through onboarding with people. And so it's really humbling to go through 400 onboardings where when you initially ship the thing, there's a whole bunch of kind of like polish that you haven't even figured out what to go polish. It's like, oh, that word is confusing or like this screen, which is intuitive to you because you spent hours working on it, is actually not intuitive to another person. And so going through those first 400 people, I think we really were able to kind of understand like how do you actually do onboarding in a way that is seamless and kind of good user experience. The other thing that's humbling is of those 400 people, I would imagine, not imagine, I know about 350 of them were, these are friends, right? Like 400 friends, but it's like one degree of separation. 350 of them just didn't come back. Right. And so it's like the only thing I got out was about 50 people, some who would use the app daily, very, very few. And then some people weekly and monthly. But I think that is like, it's a to borrow Paul Graham line, do things that don't scale. Like yes, you're never going to get to millions, if not billions of people on a social network doing hand to hand combat of onboarding. But you do get a really good sense for kind of like the pain points in your product early on. And if out of those 400, you do get a couple of, you know, tens of users who are actually going to continue using the product. That's better than being in a place where you're the only user. And so to kind of like think about orders of magnitude, any new product, like especially a consumer product, you can be your first user. In theory, you can go find 10 people, but actually to get 10 people to consistently use the app, you probably need to try to go onboard a couple of hundred people. And then to go from 10 to a hundred, you probably now need to start shifting the strategy, which in my opinion, is a huge step forward.